---
title: Open Indie Licence 0.1
---

Okay look I don't feel like wriing out something offical that isn't a valid licence anyway, here be your terms: 

1. You may use assets for pourposes such as wikis and content about the game. 
2. Using the game content you must credit us and link back to our website and/or game page. 
3. music can be used in videos and streams same as assets. 
4. fanart and gameplay videos/streams are considered your content and we therefore waive any rights we may have had to said content. 
5. You can mod and distribute mods as much as you want
6. you may not distribute any game source or binaries.
    1. if we ever stop offically distributing it, this condition is waived. 
7. a mod is a small package that modifies the game in some way, often by putting it in the games mods folder to be read via a mod loader. 
    1. All mods must be created under this licence (or a [compatible licence](../compatible)), with the additional clauses: 
        1. Anyone can modify and republish it
    2. They must be source avalible
8. in the case of open sourcing the game, you may: 
    1. study its source code
    2. Implement indevidual systems and algoirthums into your own projects
9. in the case of open sourcing the game, you MAY NOT: 
    1. Distribute the game, except as allowed by 6(a)
10. This licence grant is revoked automatically and immeditely upon violation of these terms
11. The licence will be granted/reinstated: 
    1. Automatically, upon compliance with the terms
    2. With express explcit permission from the licencor.