---
title: Open Indie Licence 0.2
---

Ok a bit more formal this time but still pretty simple.

<!-- If you own a LEGAL COPY of the game you can emulate it
Add the standard "by buying the game you now own a legal copy" etc
add definitions
maybe you can only use the assets and/or mod if you own a legal copy? -->

## A. You May

1. Use the assets for content about or relating to the game 
2. Recevive donations on projects or functions they were used in, such as; 
    1. Video Essays or Gameplay Videos (even if unrelated to the game)
    2. Wikis, mods, or other simillar community created content.
    3. You MAY NOT use them for commercial pourposes: See section B(1)
3. Create and distribute mods for said game
    1. Mods are small, indepedent packages parsed by the game or a mod loader to provide additional content or modify existing content.
    2. All mods that are made publicly avalible must be open source and under this licence or a [compatible licence](../compatible).
4. In the case of the games source code being offically released, you:
    1. May study its source code
    2. May implement indevidual systems and algoirthums into your own projects
    3. MAY NOT Distribute the game, except as allowed by B(2)(a)

## B. You may not

1. Use them in any commercial situations or productions without express explcit approval from the Licencesor. 
    1. Commercial situations are situations where you need to pay to access the content.
2. Distribute any game binaries or source code.
    1. The condition in section B(2) is waived if for any reason we stop distributing the content offically.

## C. You must

1. Credit and link back to our website. You may do this in any reasonable way, such as 
    1. A command on your stream such as `/credits` or `!credits`. 
    2. Mentioning it in a video description or at the end of the post
    3. Image captions
    4. In some cases, even just being willing to say what soundtrack its from can be enough for songs.

## D. Other

1. Community Content is considered yours and we therefore waive any rights we may have had to specificqaally YOUR PART of that content (if you made an animation to one of our songs, the animation we waive all rights to even if using our characters but the music we do not), this includes and IS limited to: 
    1. Fanart; this included fan animations, animatics, fan edits of cutscenes, etc.
    2. Gameplay footage such as videos or streams.
2. This licence grant is revoked automatically and immeditely upon violation of these terms
3. The licence will be granted/reinstated: 
    1. Automatically, upon compliance with the terms
    2. With express explcit permission from the licencor.