---
title: Open Indie Licence 0.3
---

Ok a bit more formal this time but still pretty simple.

<!-- If you own a LEGAL COPY of the game you can emulate it
Add the standard "by buying the game you now own a legal copy" etc
add definitions
maybe you can only use the assets and/or mod if you own a legal copy? -->

The goal of this ""licence"" is to provide an easy way for creators to explictly allow modding and reuse without restricting commercial potental. Developers need to eat too. It is primarly designed for games but should also work for games, music, software, and simillar.

## A. Definitions

- **commercial situations** are any situation where payment is required or expected to access the content.
- **compatible licence** means any licence deemed appropriately compatible by the licensor. They must list all approved licences publicly. 
    - Here is our list of [compatible licences](../compatible)
- **assets** refers collectively to all game or other assets, including but not limited to: 
    - Texture Files and Atlases
    - Normal Maps and shaders, 3D models
    - Code, Scene, Prefab, or Object files
    - Music, Sound Effects, Noise
    - Dialogue, translation, but not configuration files.
    - Scripts and Code Files
    - If in doubt: If its in the games directory: its ours, if its in your saves or mods directory, its not ours.
- **legal copy** refers to one copy of the game, purchased via official means (i.e., directly, or on a distribution platform they put it up on). 

## B. You May

1. Use the assets for content about or relating to the game 
2. Recevive donations on projects or functions they were used in, such as; 
    1. Video Essays or Gameplay Videos (even if unrelated to the game)
    2. Wikis, mods, or other simillar community created content.
    3. You MAY NOT use them for commercial or neferatious pourposes: See section C(1) and C(2)
3. Create and distribute mods for said game
    1. Mods are small, indepedent packages parsed by the game or a mod loader to provide additional content or modify existing content.
    2. All mods that are made publicly avalible must be open source and under this licence or a [compatible licence](../compatible).
4. In the case of the games source code being offically released, you:
    1. May study its source code
    2. May implement indevidual systems and algoirthums into your own projects
    3. MAY NOT Distribute the game, except as allowed by C(3)(a)

## C. You may not

1. Use them in any commercial situations or productions without express explcit approval from the Licencesor. 
2. Distribute or use any assets in any way that causes harm to yourself, others, or the enviornment. 
    - Basically no harassment, No Web3/Crypto/"Pay To Earn", no scams, etc.
3. Distribute any game binaries or source code. 
    1. The condition in section C(3) is waived if, for any reason, we stop distributing the content offically.

## D. You must

1. Credit and link back to our website. You may do this in any reasonable way, such as 
    1. A command on your stream such as `/credits` or `!credits`. 
    2. Mentioning it in a video description or at the end of the post
    3. Including an image caption crediting the creators.
    4. In some cases, even just being willing to say what soundtrack its from can be enough for songs.

## E. Other

**ALL ASSETS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ASSETS OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
ASSETS.**

1. Community Content is considered yours and we therefore waive any rights we may have had to specifically YOUR PART of that content (if you made an animation to one of our songs using one of our characters, we waive rights to that video, but NOT our characters or song), this includes and IS limited to: 
    1. Fanart; this included fan animations, animatics, fan edits of cutscenes, etc.
    2. Remixes, re-recordings, etc.
    4. Gameplay footage such as videos or streams.
    5. Live performances of music
2. This licence grant is revoked automatically and immeditely upon violation of these terms
3. The licence will be granted: 
    1. Automatically upon use of our content
4. The licence will be reinstaed
    1. Automatically; upon compliance with these terms
    2. With express explcit permission from the licencor.
5. For the avoidance of doubt, this licence is irrevokeable except;
    1. The licencor puts the content under a later version of the licence.
    2. The Licencor irrevokeably waives indevidual rights or liberties.
    3. by putting the content into the public domain.